#LyX 2.4 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin /systemlyxdir/templates/
\textclass easychair
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures false
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 1
\output_sync_macro "\synctex=-1"
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks false
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks true
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Layout Template for 
\family typewriter
easychair.cls
\end_layout

\begin_layout Running LaTeX Title
Layout Template for 
\family typewriter
easychair.cls
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
First Name
\begin_inset Flex inst (for Author)
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
1
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Second Name
\begin_inset Flex inst (for Author)
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
1,2
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Author Running
F.
 Name and S.
 Name
\end_layout

\begin_layout Institute
First Institute
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\begin_inset Flex email
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
{f.name,s.name}@institute1.edu
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Institute
Second Institute
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
This is a template for the layout of the 
\family typewriter
easychair.cls
\family default
 document class.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Differences with the 
\family typewriter
article
\family default
 layout
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The 
\family typewriter
easychair.cls
\family default
 class is very close to the standard 
\family typewriter
article
\family default
 class.
 As far as \SpecialChar LyX
 is concerned, the main differences are the following ones.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Authors and institutes have to be separated by 
\family typewriter

\backslash
and
\family default
 in the output, which is implemented in LyX by introducing a new Author
 or Institute environment after the first one, as shown above.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Custom insets 
\family typewriter
inst
\family default
 and 
\family typewriter
email
\family default
, to be used in the title section as above, are available from the toolbar.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Running author and title must be set.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The 
\family typewriter
easychair.cls
\family default
 document class does not support passing of global options and instead fails
 (as of 
\family typewriter
easychair.cls
\family default
 v3.5).
 For this reason one cannot use the 
\family typewriter
draft
\family default
, 
\family typewriter
final
\family default
… options, and Babel has been disabled in the present template to prevent
 LyX from passing the language as a global option.
 This bug has been reported and a patch has been proposed to the class authors
 (26/10/2017).
 The corrected class file is not distributed due to licensing concerns,
 but the patch is available from 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
target "https://github.com/gadmm/easychair-lyx"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
By default the Theorems (AMS) module is loaded.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For other differences, refer to the 
\family typewriter
easychair.tex
\family default
 manual.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
